feat(db): Add audit history (#7419)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-5438.md

audience: users
level: major
reference: issue 5438
---

> Introduce audit history for clients, roles, secrets, hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added audit history tracking for clients, roles, secrets, and hooks. 
History can be queried using `auth.getEntityHistory(type, entityId)` and is retained for 30 days.
```
maybe something like this
